inside
here
um
like super
okay
[Music]
yeah
all right what's up
what
no
that's
wow
how did he that's his first guess
that's amazing
yes so you wouldn't get it the
mandelbrot set is like
one of those things if you know you know
I know you said that yeah
that is so crazy that's I'm so glad you
told me that that's too funny I got two
people the guy in the in tutu land and
uh
well but did you tell him I'm gonna make
a robot
I should just morning and she's like
someone's panties are on the stairs
foreign
and she's like it's not me or Natasha's
and I'm like yeah those are mine
no I really wanted to
huh yeah I went and got them
I think they're like white Maybe Pink
hilarious
you should bring a bag or you or use my
bag my blue bag
yeah that's fair
yeah
oh by the way this sick thing happened
this stupid little package that I made I
didn't advertise it at all but it has
four stars on GitHub crazy
[Music]
oh I know three of them I don't there's
one guy that I don't know so I guess
there's one real star because three of
them are just people like
the twitch is such a good move
[Music]
Yep this is a sponsor
but sponsor yeah but I responses me
yeah
are you serious oh my God
wait hold on
no okay I thought they were playing
Stand By Me
I think someone just broke the whole
stack
cymo
it's failing to pre-compile
foreign
what a mess
what
happens
[Music]
let me try to find my headphones
just so wait hold on I can't hear you
for like a second
a little bit
yeah
[Music]
this tufting rug stuff is
foreign
[Music]
there we go
thank you
okay so that's the rest
yeah yeah I don't know I think I think
uh they went out last night
we are yeah
where is it
that's the thing you're like the long
fella or whatever
calories
is it called Cambridge Side
it's called Cambridge stuff
they don't say Gallery at all
yeah that's that's yeah that that's some
I'm from Medford
linguistic knowledge
that's what I mean yeah
um I have to see what happens yeah I
meant I'm from the Boston area
no like not like everyone in Bedford
just like the horribly misinformed
understanding of mom names
[Music]
oh wow yeah that's very important
I hate it when you but
um
do you want to try Discord
I don't know
Maybe
let me know when you're like about like
you're like getting ready to leave
because I don't know
you're gonna go later than that
okay
[Music]
oh yeah I probably will
if it's not oh I see okay it looks like
a tests are passing it looks like tests
are passing but
um
holy hell someone put some stuff up
okay
thank you
all right I think this should be better
um
enough
yeah
it's actually I can't switch it up I
think I'm not even this chair
view of our home window
all right so yeah
okay so this is really annoying
[Music]
I don't even want this test I don't even
really care about this test
they're playing so much
okay I'm I'm in this mode where I just
like make incremental changes to improve
CI and the CI just keeps failing so
we're gonna try that
all right let's see we have 50 in here
that looks like we have a 50 model
but it's for breakfast outside
yeah
what is this package
I I was like out of it yesterday
all right do we have the threaded good
bad which honestly should be destroyed
it should be a miraculous
such a simple one yeah
okay nope I know you have the big
compiler
foreign
you know some people are not down with
the mission that's all I got
[Laughter]
these guys
still a problem
okay
I think we want to do some I don't have
a notepad
notepad I need to go to the Davis Square
spaces
no matter how it works all right
foreign
the whole life
[Applause]
L.A
foreign
[Applause]
this way
um
this is still I mean I guess I guess
okay
I'm going to delete
um
thank you
I thought
okay
[Applause]
everything
um
helps there okay
outside
okay now we can delete this
um
oh my God
okay
[Applause]
that's actually pretty cool
foreign
[Music]
it's too late
but he's living I can see I saw Tokyo
um
yeah
thank you
no I'm still
just like
and color
s
foreign
[Applause]
well actually
no
criteria how long
um
foreign
what is this
reality
[Music]
coming together
uh Industries
however make some more advanced string
and genetic experience
it recently started to gain attention as
model organisms
it
well these days
[Music]
at least data are great importance they
limit our knowledge
the Divergence of the two species
shares more features than metaphors
or whatever
foreign
correlation Behavior
is this the model paperback
so this is
establishing it as a valuable loneliness
right now
oh because this thing isn't defined
the fact that it's in a macro is
actually really yeah
[Applause]
foreign
all right
outside
um
foreign
what is going on here
yeah it just does this now
what is going on here please show me the
air
what the hell is going on is that an
update that is so
absurd
so if I just do
that
maybe that's 11.
you're telling
me that it doesn't show unfair anymore
um
regardless
I'm just gonna make it 49.
okay let's hopefully
okay
let's just try this on
yeah okay
oh my God
two seconds
God
wait that doesn't even right that means
that the wrong message
right
[Applause]
[Music]
oh yeah
okay because the structure of GS has
changed because I no longer a little
stupid country
okay
I don't care
yeah I prematurely deleted this stuff
let's call it
what
what time it is
um
I
think
you know
it should be there
I should probably actually
[Music]
[Applause]
I mean I should actually the progress
bar should show
be like dysfunction is probably the only
good dream
and it's not even good from some type of
unstable Health but like this pattern
s
something
I mean anyone could write this but I
feel like this
it's such a useful pattern
okay so let's get back to reading
scale metabolic models are available
strength and Industrial microorganisms
however this is the case for many
industrial microbes there's no
executable metabolism
in the tablet and reaction IDs the
facilitic model extension Engineers
let's look at this model I think I have
a number right what is it called
I thought I thought that's impossible I
thought I must have it I take the 50
biggest and this is oh maybe it's not
the biggest by file size okay
foreign
method error
what
I seriously do not understanding
away
what what I I'm so I'm so done
thank you
split now
I just want to get to the Xbox
okay here's what I actually wanted I
want to lower I want to find the models
and bio models that are true features
meaning
um
this is
understanding
um
I'm gonna get the paper
yes
I don't think that this is the
this is not the first one
I don't actually need
yes yeah
um
yeah diagrams
he was like
crazy
there's the one that just described for
the category
you know what I mean he's like yeah
[Music]
are you in your life
you know I mean
right yeah
oh I think you know what it is
I'm pretty sure that uh
I think I think Chris uh
oh no I think he just made a comment
yeah
organizers
how many pages
I think this might be uh
the catalysts oh interesting
things
it's okay
the problem is that
this is yeah
[Music]
ridiculous
okay so here's where I just need is
um
actually can I do that
I do
nice
yeah
I think that that might be
perfect nice
foreign
uh
I believe that one
[__] break man
foreign
[Applause]
okay don't worry about it
I know it's my bad I feel like this is
not because
[Music]
[Applause]
no
damn it man
foreign
thank you
now it didn't it didn't start first
oh there we go
let's add some of them
you know eventually my
name
Okay cool so basically what I want to
know is
I wanted to find the
is this the Catholic I don't understand
this is
okay okay
thank you
nice
yeah see something is super effective
because
that doesn't make any sense
thank you
okay
enough of this episode
yeah okay guys I'll be back in like
three hours okay
doing a good job all right